GitLab is dedicated to providing a harassment-free and inclusive event experience for everyone regardless of gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability, neurodiversity, physical appearance, body size, ethnicity, nationality, race, age, religion (or lack thereof), or any other categories protected by local, state, provincial, or federal law. We do not tolerate harassment against any individual at our events in any form. GitLab takes violations of this policy seriously and event organizers will enforce our policies throughout the event.

This policy extends to:

Talks
Forums
Workshops
Social media (or other online media), including personal accounts
Parties
Hallway conversations
Booths and other similar activities
This policy is applicable to all attendees, speakers, exhibiting partners, partners, sponsors, volunteers, event staff, vendors, etc. You catch our drift. GitLab’s goal is to cultivate an environment in which everyone feels welcomed, secure and positively engaged.

Expected behavior
All participants of GitLab events must abide by the following policy:

Use the GitLab values to guide interactions.
Be excellent to each other. We want events to be an excellent experience for everyone regardless of gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disabilities, neurodiversity, physical appearance, body size, ethnicity, nationality, race, age, religion, or other protected categories.
Treat everyone with respect. Participate while acknowledging that everyone deserves to be here – and each of us has the right to enjoy our experience without fear of harassment, discrimination, or condescension, whether expressed or implied.
Jokes should not demean others. Please consider what you are saying and how it would feel if it were said to or about you.
Speak up if you see or hear something. Harassment in any form should not be tolerated, and you are empowered to politely engage when you or others are subject to potentially intimidating, hostile, offensive, or abusive behavior. The person making you feel uncomfortable may not be aware of what they are doing, and politely bringing their behavior to their attention is encouraged.
Practice saying "Yes and" to each other. It’s a theatre improv technique to build on each other’s ideas. We all benefit when we create together.
Attendees are also expected to abide by GitLab’s Code of Conduct, any other corporate policy related to employee behavior, and applicable laws.
